## Analysing and predicting the income and poverty level of states in US 
The dataset acs2015 census tract data is based on 5-year estimates from the 2015 American Community Survey and depicts a survey of the people counted 
in the United States. The census data can be combined with other data analysis techniques to forecast things like state or income, poverty, unemployment,
employment, total population in US states. 
The United States Census Bureau (USCB), also known as the Bureau of the Census, is a key component of the United States' Federal Statistical System, 
and is in charge of gathering data about the American people and economy. The Census Bureau is part of the United States Department of Commerce, and 
the President of the United States appoints its director. The objective of the survey is showing the actual goal and scope of national government and 
local government in the different area. The US census bureau data always update the data related to every field for taking wise decisions in upcoming future. 
The main aim of this dataset to estimates the income of men and women , total population of men and women , analyse the income growth by State , 
poverty level of race , estimate the employment and unemployment growth in every states. 

Detail of the US Census Demographic Data -2015
US Census  dataset contains the figures for 74001 separate records and 37 attributes for 52 states are included in the data collection. ‘Census_Tract_Id’, 
‘State’, ‘County’, ‘Men’, ‘Women’, ‘TotalPop’, ‘Hispanic', 'White', 'Black', 'Native', 'Asian', 'Pacific', 'Citizen', 'Income', 'Poverty', 'Child Poverty', 
'Professional', 'Service', 'Office', 'Construction', 'Production', 'Drive', 'Carpool', 'Transit', 'Walk', 'Other Transp', 'Work At Home', 'Mean_Commute', 
'Private_Work', 'Public_Work', 'Self_Employed', 'Family_Work', ’Employed’, 'Unemployment'. Interestingly, we have missing values in the entire rows 
so we cannot fill the missing values in the dataset. At the end, we decided to drop the rows which have missing values in the dataset.


